adds deprecation notices for clique (#1889)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/private-networks/how-to/configure/consensus/clique.md

:::

:::important Deprecation notice

> Clique block production (mining/validating) is deprecated in [Besu v25.12.0](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#2510) and later. You will still be able to sync existing Clique networks. You will not be able to validate or create new Clique networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clique block production (mining/validating) is deprecated in Besu 25.12.0 and later. You will still be able to sync existing Clique networks. You will not be able to validate or create new Clique networks.
```
